---
layout: post
title: ✨ My poems ✨
date: 2024-02-09 16:00:29 -0300
update: 2024-02-09 16:55:13 -0300
---

Poems I've done, migrated from [my twitter post](https://x.com/PrincessMortix/status/1698403266462150869). Updated at {{ page.update | date_to_string: "ordinal", "US" }}.

## Invisible ghosts

behind those eyes, hidden deep inside

is a darker shade of what they tryna hide

a dark shade full of demons

invisible demons

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

they've been fighting them for ages

they cant let it control them

must be strong

and most of the times, they dont let the demons out

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

surrounding their feelings

slowly, being assassined from inside to outside

how do i be so strong

like you are?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


its an endless battle

that they must win

someday, somehow

it will be all over, forever

---

## adeus

é dificil pensar

que colegas que estiveram com você

desde o primario

simplismente fora embora

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


por incompetencia de um sistema

que te pressiona, oprime

tentam por agua oxigenada na ferida

esperando que tudo se resolva

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


panico, depressão, ansiedade

tudo isso, lentamente foi

matando aqueles que se foram

momentos que rapidamente, se foram


{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


você aprende a dar valor quando perde

quando ama

quando gosta

o valor inimaginável de um colega de classe, perdido pela incompetencia do sistema.

---

## 彡96

listening to the same album

on repeat

playing the same song

again and again

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


as a wave in the wind

im still hearing sounds

time never stops

all your efforts are trashed

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


tears aren't enough

days aren't enough

not even rest is enough

when you're down

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


i can hear you whispering inside

waiting for a light

im calling the void

_"are you okay?"_

---

## solitaria

completamente solitaria

no passado, no presente, no futuro

apenas sozinha

comigo e meus pensamentos

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


como tornei amiga disso?

eu não gosto disso

não escolhi que as coisas fossem assim

mas elas sempre acabam assim

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


tenho culpa de tudo isso

o incerto que está certo

não tem como fugir

do que vive dentro de você

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


como as coisas acabam assim?

é uma incerteza

mas sei que ficarei solitaria

é uma certeza

---

## knife party

how this could came to an end

something unique

between us

something special

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


sparkles doesnt glow anymore

the small point of faith fade

will it be the end

like that, dry and dust?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


i wish you could talk to me

understand me

understand you

can we talk about?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


sorry for this

sorry for letting you down

sorry for creating a friendship with you

_all i wanted to say was sorry to you_

---

## bleed

distracted, another knife hit me

again, another knife

lets count them

one, two, three knives

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


3 knives, out of the many

all inside my body

thrown knives

thru my body


{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


and im bleeding from some

others, i've already bleeded

but the last one.. still hurts me

_i just want to do not be hurt again_

---

## demons

are they?

do they really care?

is it too much for them

right?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


demons are getting stronger

unlike iself

it was only a weak and fateful scream

do i need pleh?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


can we leave this battlefield

im enough of it

i cant fight anymore

but them wont stop

---

## emptyness

feeling something new but old

its empty, like the void

a void created by myself

and im getting closer everyday

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


i've been fighting these aliens for so long

to get away from this void

the more i try

the more weapons they get

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


"we will help you" they say

but that empty void

was created by themselves

while i was asleep

to make me fight against demons

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


and these demons wont stop

'til i die

they want my soul, my essence

they dont want myself

but a mask

---

## easter special

_series of 3 poems, for a friend._

#### rebecca

hey my dear, s _lo_ w down a bit

im trying, trying to be myself

my head looks an a _v_ ovado, trying to

to became something better

for u & me

sometim _es_ i think too much

like a bittersweet feeling.


#### unsaved file at 2am

unsure if i should try again

give _u_ more space,

unsure if thats right

give _so_ mething better,

unsure if its over

please give me a sign, a light

from these unsure bittersweet feelings

#### 1am

here alone

close

to my empty toughts

so _much_ to handle

is this a dream?

to be with ya

the good and bad moments

all here w/ ya

wanna be the next easter

watching some citrus?

---

## stupid

how could i be so stupid, oh

so stupid

i've been over here

rolling dices with aphrodite

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


since you left, my air was given to cigarettes

i try my best to forget

but you're stuck here

and i cannot let you fade away from my memories

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

now, i have been drinking with cupid

thinking of you

thinking of what we had

how i could be so stupid?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

i wish i still had you

i try to turn the page

i can't erase your face

i can't forget our memories

---

## rainy

it's sad and raining

do i love it?

hell yeah

but something isn't right

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


another lace was disrupted

i've wasted their time again

will we even come back?

i wish we could so

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


it's too new for me

having laces with someone

probably they're right

and the prophecy is true

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


but if you want to go back

you know where to find me

either inside a computer

or inside my graveyard

---

## rescue me

tired of everything being ill

maybe i am just cool

or i could just be

a borderline bitch

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


this endless war

are going too far

i've lost nothing

but everything

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


i wanna be loved

but its always too much

i'd take it all

to be again, normal

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


now shit has started

nothing to do about

even lost at this degree

would you rescue me?

---

## found ya

blizzard, blizzard

let us down again

i never thought about being

zapped by you

edged from my existence

raindrops of pain all over my skin

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


you said you would never do this

but every life is a lie

if we were tied up

how did we broke up?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


at least now im going

even after every snowflake

causing the void death

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}


are you scared of blizzards too?

or i've faded in your memory?

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

i've found you again!

---

7-mar-2025

## deep thoughts

i dont think know where i've been/

but that should be alright/

i've found peace in my mind again/

everything has a price, im afraid of/

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

honestly? i feel like im surviving/

not living my life/

not sure if the cost of things to be finally calm/

is to lost myself/

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

i miss my old friends, but do they miss me?/

can't lie im glad you grow up/

but i cant deny that a part of me dislikes that/

since we are so far, so far apart again/

{% raw %}
<br>
{% endraw %}

at least i hope things are fine between us/

'cause you left me so broken/

but it's so scary to be without you/

that i had to eat that damn frog.
